A long, long time ago, in a tiny house on the edge of a big forest, lived Hansel and his little sister Gretel. Their father was a poor woodcutter, who loved them dearly, but their step-mother was cruel and unkind, making life miserable for the woodcutter and his two children.
One night, Hansel heard his step-mother complaining to their father that there was not enough food to eat and that he should take the children into the forest and abandon them. The woodcutter was extremly unhappy ut agreed with a heavy heart. Hansl, on hearing their conversation, prepared a plan along with his sister.
The next morning as their parents led them intothe forest, Hansel dropped pebbles along the way. Exhausted the children slept soundly and their parents slipped away silently. they awoke later and followed the trail of pebbles back ome. Their step-othr, on seeing them, was furius, and the next day shechecked Hansel's pockets for pebbles so he dropped bread crumbs along the was instead. Tired, hungry, and very cold that night, they took shelter in the hollow of a tree but wen they awoke, they discovered that all the bread crubs had been eaten by the birds!
As soon as it was daylight, they beagan exploring the forest in search of help. They found a beautiful cottage made of chocolate cake and sugar candy! They were very hungry and began to break pieces of cake from the cottage. While they ate ungrily, they heard a voie fro within say, "Which little mouse is nibblng at my house?" The children went inside, unaware that the od woman inside was really a wicked old witch, who ate little children. She welcomed them in and gae them a big supper, them put them to bed. While the children were asleep, the wicked old witch carried Hansel outsie the house and locked him up in a cage. She decided to keep him there until he was fat enough to eat.
Every morning, the wicked old witch felt Hansel's finger to see how fat he had become. But Hansel was very clever and knowing that the witch could not see very well, held out a dry chicken bone for her to feel.
After a few weeks, the witch grew greedy and impatient and decided she would eat Hansel anyway. She orderd Gretel to boil a pot of water. When the water was boiling hot, retel aked the witch to test the water. As the witch bent oer the pot to look in, retel took her chance and ae the witch a ard kick right into the boiling water. Gretel hurriedly unlocked Hansel. In the house, they found a room full of treasure. They took the treasure and set out to find their dear father.
After several days, they finally foud their way home. Their father was overjoyed and hugged them, saying that he had sent their evil step-moter away foreer. The woodcutter, Hansel and Gretel would neer be poor again and they lied hapily ever after in their little cottage.