    The time you sit at acomputer keyboard,a worldof possibilities lies 
before you. You can form everything you need - a letter,a report, a record of some random thoughts. All it takes is a littlepractice and you'll neverhave to worry about that monotonous handwriting   again!!!

Try to follow the commonrules while typing-                               
WORKING POSITION:
     Your comfort while typing is important. From your chair to your keyboard, you can adjust most parts of the environment.
1. Sit firmly with your back and neck straight.
2. Set the keyboard at a suitable height so that the angle between your
upper arms and your forearms is 90 degrees or    slightly more.          
3. Put the soles of your feet firmly on the floor or possibly on a foot   stool.
4. Keep hands and wrists straight while typing.  Touch your keys lightly  by keeping your wrists n' fingers relaxed. Adjust your keyboard tray's or  desk's heights so that 
your wrists and hands do remain straight while 
keyboarding.
                    
DISPLAY POSITION:
1. sit an arm's length     away from the monitor (about 60 cm/ 24 inches)
2. viewing angle should be a little downwards    vertically(ca 20 degree).
OTHERS:
1. There should be no   reflection of lights on  the monitor.
2. Remember to give youreyes rest by looking into a distance.             
TYPING INSTRUCTIONS:
       Donot look at the keyboard while typing.  Instead, try to learn theposition of the keys and the path of your fingers by heart.

       Try to type as   smoothly and accurately  as possible in order to  aquire the best possible efficiency.

                        
TOUCH TYPING BASICS:
       Touch typing is a commonly used system,   which enables you to type quickly and accurately  without looking at the   keys.

       In order to know where your fingers are-  without looking you must keep them positioned over their home keys, in the middle row of keyboard.   
FINGER POSITION:
        Start with your left hand, put your rightindex finger on the j-key, middle finger on the
k-key,ring finger on the l-key and little finger on the next key.
        Press Enter with little finger. 


 ALL THESE WILL HELP YOU     TO TYPE EASILY!


