Long long ago there lived a King and Queen. They ruled with love and kindness and one day were blessed with a baby girl. On the day of her birth it snowed heavily so the little child was name Snow White.
Alas one day the Queen died of illness. Despite his sadness, the King kniw that hte kingdom needed a Queen so he married again. The new Queen was beautiful but vain. She was not satisfied unless her magic mirror said she was hte prettiest in the land.
The Queen became jealous of Snow White's beauty and soon the mirror told her that her step-daughter was now hte prettiest in the land. Ther Queen was enraged and ordered her guard to kill Snow White. The guard was a kind man however, and could not kill he. He took Snow White into the forest and told her to run away to safety.
Snow White was very frightened. As she walked through the forest, she found a little cottage. She was overjoyed. She started to clear it up and prepared a delicious meal. She ate some and felt so tired that she fell asleep.
As night fell, the Seven Dwarf, wh lived in the cottage, returned from their work diggin for jewels. They were shocked to see the food and Snow White asleep on hteir beds. But they were friendly dwarfs and invited her to stay with them.
Unfortunately the wicked Queen discovered that he was still alive and decided to kill Snow White herself. Dressed as a beggar, she ivsited the cottage and gave Snow White a lovely red apple. The apple was poisoned and as Snow White bit ito it she fell into a deep sleep.
When the seven dwarfs returned from work they found their dear Snow White lying still inside. They cried and cried, believing Snow Whtie was dead. They placed their dear friend outside the cottage and every day one of the dwarfs sat by her.Then, One day, a handsome Prince happened to pass by. He saw how beautiful Snow White was and the dwarfs tld him of her wicked Queen. The Prince knelt down to gently kiss Snow White.
As he kissed her forehead, she awoke from her deep sleep. It was a miracle! The prince asked her to go with him to his faraway kingdom and become his wife. Snow White was overjoyed! They waved goodbye to seven dwarfs and then rode away to live happily ever after.